@L5 1
It is important for us to find ways to protect the environment.
Some people have found creative ways to save the earth. One
example is an underwater museum in Cancun, Mexico. Let’s meet
Dr. Rosa Allison, an art professor, and listen to her explanation
about the special museum.
 Cancun is a city where 4.8 million tourists travel every year. One
of the most popular activities to do there is looking at the area’s
beautiful sea life underwater. However, tourist activities are
seriously damaging parts of the sea near Cancun.
#H Dr. Rosa Allison
#H Art professor
@L5 2
 To prevent this, artists did something interesting. They thought if
they attracted tourists to a different part of the sea, the dying
areas could have time to get better. They made an underwater
museum away from the places where sea life was dying. It’s
about 14 meters below the surface and contains 500 statues.
 The statues are made from materials that support sea life. They
provide additional places for plants and animals to live on. Over
time, many types of sea life will grow on the statues, which will
make the artwork unique. The artists want people to see a variety
of sea life on the statues. If people realize how rich sea life is,
they will understand how important it is to save the sea.
@L5 3
 In Singapore, people are using architecture to protect the
environment on land. Let’s hear what Rajesh Khan, an architect,
says about eco-friendly buildings.
 Singapore is hot throughout the year. Most buildings need air
conditioning, which uses a lot of energy and contributes to
climate change. That’s why architects in Singapore have begun to
design eco-friendly buildings that use less air conditioning but are
still cool inside. For example, many buildings in Singapore are
designed to have an open structure. This structure makes it
possible for outside air to move throughout a building. This
natural air flow is how these buildings stay cool.
#H Rajesh Khan
#H Architect
@L5 4
 In addition to making open structures, architects add large
gardens. This greenery provides shade and protects parts of the
building from direct sunlight, which keeps the building cooler.
 Eco-friendly buildings like these not only help protect the
environment, but also provide people with a good quality of life.
Those are the goals of this new style of architecture. Hopefully,
architects will keep coming up with new eco-friendly ideas.
 Every field has different ways of protecting the environment.
With more innovation, humans and nature will be able to live
together in harmony far into the future.
@L6 1
Son: What should we do this weekend, Dad?
Dad: Why don’t we go camping?
Son: But we don’t have a tent. Should we buy one? Also, who
will take care of our dog?
Dad: Don’t worry. I know some apps that can help us.
@L6 2
Borrow from your neighbors!
 Ask Your Neighbors helps people easily find items that they can
borrow from others. First, users download the app and search for
another user that has the item they need. Then they pick up the
item and return it later.
#H Jasmine / December 12, 2019
 I asked for a board game and got one in less than 30 minutes.
I love saving money by borrowing things that I don’t often need.
Also, I think it’s environmentally friendly. The fewer products we
buy, the more resources we save.
#H Cassandra / March 7, 2020
 Seeing a lot of positive reviews, I decided to borrow a bike
helmet. When I got it, however, it was broken. I was so upset!
#H Ask Your Neighbors / March 9, 2020
 We’re sorry that you had such a negative experience. To fix this
issue, we are asking lenders to update the pictures of their items
regularly. This will let other users know the exact condition of the
product.
@L6 3
I can look after your pet!
 Pet Sitter Finder is the perfect app for pet lovers and pet
owners. It helps pet owners find reliable people to look after
their pets. When a pet owner is looking for pet sitters, he or she
uploads a post. Pet sitters or dog walkers can then send
messages to the owner. The owner checks their reviews and
chooses the best person.
#H George / November 12, 2019
 I use this app whenever I’m going out of town. I have some
concerns about my personal information, though. What if people
use my phone number for other purposes?
#H Pet Sitter Finder / November 14, 2019
 We’re aware of this issue. We’re now developing a system that
allows users to communicate freely without showing their personal
information.
#H Samantha / February 22, 2020
 Animals aren’t allowed in my apartment, so I don’t have any
pets. However, by using Pet Sitter Finder, I can experience the joy
of walking a dog.
@L6 4
Son: What great apps! We can borrow a tent and find someone
to take care of our dog.
Dad: That’s right. These kinds of services are part of the “sharing
economy.” People can share their items with others and
provide services to them at a small fee or for free.
Son: But these services do have some weaknesses. Some people
left negative reviews about the services.
Dad: Well, I think the more people use the services, the more
they will improve.
@L7 1
#H Where Do We See Robots?
 Robots are not only in movies and books anymore. Around the
world, robots are doing a variety of tasks. There are delivery
robots flying in the sky, robot arms in factories, and service
robots in public places.
#H - A delivery robot in the sky
#H - Robot arms in a factory
#H - A service robot at the PyeongChang Olympics
@L7 2
#H Robots Are Becoming Smart
 In the past, robots performed only easy tasks that humans
programmed them to do. However, robots are now getting
“smarter,” and soon they might be able to think like humans.
What makes this possible is artificial intelligence (AI).
 Robots that have AI can perceive environments and make
decisions. They can also recognize speech, tell jokes, and play
games with humans.
#H AI Speakers
They can answer your questions, control machines in your home,
and play music for you.
#H AI Pets
They act just like real dogs. They walk and play with their owners
and recognize praise.
@L7 3
#H Robots around Us - Present and Future
 Robots are making things faster and easier. They can help us
anywhere — in our homes, on roads, or in disaster areas.
#H Home Helper Robot
This robot helps your family throughout the day. Cooking and
cleaning would be easier if you had one. It also talks with family
members and can sense emotions.
#H Self-Driving Car
A self-driving car doesn’t need a driver. With cameras, sensors,
and software, it can navigate roads for you so that you can relax
and enjoy the ride.
#H Robot Swarm
A robot swarm is a large group of robots that can communicate
with one another, like ants or bees. They can be used in a
variety of places, including farms or building sites. They work on
tasks and find solutions as a group.
@L7 4
#H Search-and-Rescue Robot
Search-and-rescue robots can go into disaster areas that are
dangerous for humans. They find survivors, deal with dangers, and
clear routes so that  people can escape to safety.
#H Looking toward the Future
 Our future with robots looks bright but not perfect. Some
people expect life to become more convenient with the help of
robots. However, other people worry about problems they might
cause, such as threats to our jobs and safety. The important thing
is to find possible solutions and to ensure that robots are only
used for good.
